                          DISKUSE Version 1.52
                         PM Graphical Disk Usage

CHANGE HISTORY: See also Future Enhancements below.

V1.52 11Sep94    Fix bug: Drives menu empty at startup only.

V1.51 02Sep94    Refresh all windows when font has been changed.
                 Show drive volume label in All Drives Information window.
                 Make Root when double click item in Directory List window.
                 Fix bug: Drives menu empty - thread timing problem.

V1.5  28Aug94    Print support.
                 Font support.
                 Change Directory List from a listbox control to a
                   container control to remove limit on total items.
                 3D bottom status area.

V1.4  07Jul93    Compile using OS/2 Toolkit V2.1
                 Change Select Drive dialog to Drives menu
                 New window - All Drive Information, /A
                 Use single set of radio buttons for Graph Display

V1.3  10May93    Notebook control for all settings (options, graph and
                   automated refresh), non-modal
                 New command line parameters: /P (specify where profile
                   resides), /L (initial display of legend) and /D
                   (initial display of directory list)

V1.24 18Mar93   Bug fixes:
                  - Find hidden, read only, system, archived directories
                  - Use float when checking threshold limits

V1.23 13Mar93   Add drive letter to the Directory List window.
                Minimize/Restore the Directory List and Legend
                  window when main window minimized/restored.
                Option to display directory tree on right.
                Bug fixes for:
                  - Do not draw pie chart when window is very small.
                  - Ensure main window active upon creation.

V1.22 28Feb93   Bug fixes:
                 - Clean up bitmap and icon.
                 - Fix automated refresh timer interval.
                 - Fix pie chart shading for slices > 30.

V1.21 23Feb93   Bug fixes:
                 - Fix bug when after directory delete, the main window
                     becomes blank.

V1.2  22Feb93   Bug fixes:
                 - Fix bug when displaying SWAPPER.DAT size.
                All windows go to the foreground when any of the DISKUSE
                  windows are made active.
                Double click on any pie slice to bring up the corresponding
                  directory information in a dialog box.
                Added more functionality to Directory List window, new
                  menu pop-up appears when right button is clicked:
                  Copy, delete, move and make "virtual root directory"
                  the selected directory
                Application initialization profile now saved in its own
                  file (DISKUSE.INI) to allow multiple instances of
                  DISKUSE to be brought up each having in its own profile
                  (as long as different subdirectory). Please run MIGRINI
                  to migrate the old DISKUSE profile to the new one.

V1.13 13Feb93   Bug fixes:
                 - If select to show SWAPPER.DAT on status area but not
                   on graph, SWAPPER.DAT info not shown on status area.
                 - Minimize main window and close using Window List,
                   main window never shown anymore.
                Increase maximum number of pies to 50.
                Add new setting: Refresh prompt may now be turned off.
                Use check boxes instead of dialog boxes in Settings.
                Put SWAPPER.DAT information above status area.

V1.12 06Feb93   Allow user command exit for warning notification. Entry
                  field in Automated Refresh dialog box now enabled.

V1.11 05Feb93   Fix timer bug for Auto Refresh when refresh interval
                  set to > 1 minute. I didn't realize that WinStartTimer
                  only accepts 65536 ms for it's time out parameter.
                Allow only minutes (seconds removed) for refresh
                  interval.

V1.1  29Jan93   Improve multi-tasking, drive now read without locking up
                  system.
                Select drives now in separate dialog box (moved from
                  Options dialog box).
                Rename Options dialog box to Customize Graph, move
                  Unit selection to Settings.
                Size and position of all windows saved and restored.
                Choose between % and actual size to be displayed on pie
                  chart.
                Optionally display the SWAPPER.DAT size as a separate
                  pie slice or on the bottom status area.
                Automated refresh facility with customizable refresh
                  interval, threshold settings for free space and
                  SWAPPER.DAT sizes as well as notification types.
                Change fonts on Legend window (now 10 pt Monospace)

V1.0  18Jan93   First release to OS2TOOLS.

V0.3  10Jan93   Add diskette drives (A: and B:) as valid drives. Several
                bugs fixes and incorporate suggestions by VB.

V0.2  03Jan93   Scrollable legend window, display percentages on pie
                chart, new Settings dialog window (to allow customize
                of exit confirmation on/off, legend and directory list
                on/off upon start.

V0.1  16Dec92   First beta release.


FUTURE ENHANCEMENTS:

   - Currently known bugs:
       No help when F1 is pressed in Directory List menu pop-up.
   - Warning when any directory has grown by/to a user specified amount
     (this may be very tricky to do!)
   - Double click drive on All Drives Information window changes drives
   - Identify largest files
   - Thread disk processing (like Delete, Copy, etc.)
   - Double click on Other pie results in a new pie with only Others
